[MUSIC].
Now that you've seen what this
course is going to be about,
as well as the specialization as a whole,
you'll see that be able to do amazing
things using machine learning.
Build really intelligent applications,
as you go through this process,
not just at the end, but
throughout the whole specialization.
You'll be building cool, cool stuff, and
you'll be learning about a wide range
of concepts and building the algorithm.
So the first course is really
about using those pre-built
machine learning algorithms to build
a range of intelligent applications.
Now, the follow up courses,
the second through the fifth,
takes the different areas and really goes
in depth, talk about the algorithms,
the methods, the techniques behind it.
Now let's go back and
talk about the capstone.
The capstone is gonna be real exiting.
You're gonna build a really cool,
impressive application that
uses machine learning.
[MUSIC]